1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello' 	 values(String)
-87.8 	     values(Float)
- 	 Expression( Mathematical operator) 
/ 	 Expression( Mathematical operator)
+	 Expression( Mathematical operator)
6 	 values( Integer)

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans. String  - String is group of character.its is immutable . example name = "Amit negi "
     Variable -  A variable is label that we can assign value to it. for example num = 12 here num is the variable we have assigned 12 to num  

3. Describe three different data types.
Ans:- (i) Integer :- Integer datatype consist only a integer value which can be both positive integer (i.e 20,30,15) and negative integer           (ex - 20,-53 and whole number.
(ii)  Float :-  Floating datatype represent the floating point number. which can be real values ex- 30.26,98.26,20.65
(iii) String :- String datatype represent the collection of alphabets or character put in the single and double and triple quote.
ex:- 'ineron',"fullstackdatascience",'''hello this is my first assignment'''

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans.  expression is made up of of variable,values,operator. which are constructed according to the syntax of the language, that evaluates to a single value.


5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans .- statements represent an action or command e.g print statements, assignment statements. Expression is a combination of variables, operations and values that yields a result value.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans:- bacon value is 22 and after adding bacon +1 it will add and getting output 23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Ans:-  'spam' + 'spamspam' ---> 'spamspamspam'
        'spam'*3 ---> spamspamspam

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans:- because varaible name cannot be start with number.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Ans:- integer --> int()
      floating-point number --> float()
      String --> str()

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?

'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
Ans.: Error: generally we cannot concatanation integer or string value. so we have to use casting function in integer value to string value.
      Correct : - 'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
